Hey you! yes YOU! Are you a cop?
=> yes => google.com
=> no => Okay good, I’m a dealer…
for drugs…
or better said for information…
information about drugs…
an information drug dealer
By the way, I’m Steve.
What’s your name?
=> $name => Hi $name
Drugs are a little bit like stock
Supply and demand regulate the price as brutal as fuck
that’s because drugs don’t know any governmental regulations
except for the fact of course… that they’re illegal.
Where are you from?
=> $country => Funny country related line
Okay $name, let’s have a look at how expensive drugs are in $country in comparison
=> DIE DREI GRAFIKEN WERDEN GELADEN
Let's have a look at the three topsellers Canabis, Cocaine and Meth
We start with Canabis, weed, 420, pot, call it what you want
As you see the prices are globally on the fall
In the last few years pot got nearly everywhere cheaper
The Production worldwide has rapidly increased due to a lot of countries which decrimilaized the consume of canabis
Next you see my beautiful chart for the ferrari of drugs: Cocaine
You see, the prices in Europe are quite stable and on the bottom of the scale
It is quite special that Cocaine is cheapest in Switzerland, you might have to thank the bankers for that
Also we faced a huge price drop in Japan in 2017
The crazy government over there changed the laws and reduced the penalty for drug posession quite a bit
So it's now much easier to get people to smuggle some white gold into Japan
Last but not least we have a look at the shiny diamond: Crystal Meth
Over here the Americans are suddenly quite price efficient
Maybe there are still a lot of bald guys cooking some Crystal in old motorhomes in the desert
As you see, the Japanese Meth consumers could not benefit from the recent law changes, Meth is there still a niche product which still makes it so expensive
You might ask why drugs are so expensive in $country?
Don’t ask me, I’m a drug dealer, not your economy teacher
=> But I can tell you also Something about Fast Food if You Like?
I made up this comparison Chart of the BigMac Index for you
You see the price of a classic BigMac in Dollars for each country
In the last years the prices slightly increased except for the states
When I'm looking at those figures I instantly get hungry
But why did I show you the Prices of a Big Mac?
=> Do you wanna know?
Well the prices in each country are all relative, the interessting question for me as a seller is
What are the people able and willing to pay?
That's why we have a look an check how long people have to work until the can afford a Joint, a Line oder a Shot
Interesting here ist, that the Americans as the only ones have to work less for Meth than for Cocaine
Also that the Brits and the Swiss have to work nearly the same amount of time to afford a BigMac or a Joint
So that's probabely why the demand of Canabis is so high, if you have to decide either to eat or to smoke
You know what my answer would be

